Doc: Added the table of WAN validation (#4125)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/roles/eos_designs/docs/how-to/wan.md

          - names: [internet]
            preference: alternate
```

### WAN Validation

`eos_validate_state` is being enriched to support new tests for WAN designs. The tests listed below are validating WAN designs.

| AVD Test Class | ANTA Test Class | Description |
| -------------- | --------------- | ----------- |
| AvdTestInterfacesState | VerifyInterfacesStatus | Validate the DPS interface status. |

> | AvdTestBGP | VerifyBGPSpecificPeers | Validate the different BGP Address Families Identifiers (AFI) and Subsequent Address Family Identifiers (SAFI) sessions state. |

Reviewer: Can you add which address families are checked for AutoVPN (path-selection) and CV Pathfinder (link-state / srte) + any other we check

Author: No, not right now apart from path-selection, link-state and sr-te

> | AvdTestIPSecurity | VerifySpecificIPSecConn | Validates the establishment of IP security connections for a peer within the default VRF. In its current state, the test validates only IPsec connections defined as static peers under the `router path-selection` section of the configuration. |

Reviewer: we are talking about WAN here so lets reword - same for the STUN one, you can remove "for WAN scenarios" as we are talking about WAN here
```suggestion
| AvdTestIPSecurity | VerifySpecificIPSecConn | Validates the establishment of IP security connections for each static peer under the `router path-selection` section of the configuration. |
```

Author: fix

> | AvdTestStun | VerifyStunClient | Validates the presence of a STUN client translation for a given source IPv4 address and port for WAN scenarios. The list of expected translations for each device is built by searching local interfaces in each path-group. |

Reviewer: is there a plan to leverage the AVT tests at some point? https://anta.arista.com/stable/api/tests.avt/

Author: Yes in next set of tasks will add AVT tests and DPS reachability test.

Reviewer: Thanks! Let's add a comment under the table that more tests are coming

          - names: [internet]
            preference: alternate
```

### WAN Validation

`eos_validate_state` is being enriched to support new tests for WAN designs. The tests listed below are validating WAN designs.

| AVD Test Class | ANTA Test Class | Description |
| -------------- | --------------- | ----------- |
| AvdTestInterfacesState | VerifyInterfacesStatus | Validate the DPS interface status. |
| AvdTestBGP | VerifyBGPSpecificPeers | Validate the state of BGP Address Family sessions, including `Path-Selection` for AutoVPN, `Link-State` and `IPv4/IPv6 SR-TE` for CV Pathfinder. |
| AvdTestIPSecurity | VerifySpecificIPSecConn | VValidates the establishment of IP security connections for each static peer under the `router path-selection` section of the configuration. |
| AvdTestStun | VerifyStunClient | Validates the presence of a STUN client translation for a given source IPv4 address and port. The list of expected translations for each device is built by searching local interfaces in each path-group. |

>     More tests are coming soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note
    More WAN-related tests are available directly in ANTA and can be added using custom catalogs.
    They will be progressively added to `eos_validate_state`.
```

          - names: [internet]
            preference: alternate
```

### WAN Validation

`eos_validate_state` is being enriched to support new tests for WAN designs. The tests listed below are validating WAN designs.

| AVD Test Class | ANTA Test Class | Description |
| -------------- | --------------- | ----------- |
| AvdTestInterfacesState | VerifyInterfacesStatus | Validate the DPS interface status. |
| AvdTestBGP | VerifyBGPSpecificPeers | Validate the state of BGP Address Family sessions, including `Path-Selection` for AutoVPN, `Link-State` and `IPv4/IPv6 SR-TE` for CV Pathfinder. |

> | AvdTestIPSecurity | VerifySpecificIPSecConn | VValidates the establishment of IP security connections for each static peer under the `router path-selection` section of the configuration. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| AvdTestIPSecurity | VerifySpecificIPSecConn | Validate the establishment of IP security connections for each static peer under the `router path-selection` section of the configuration. |
```

> | AvdTestStun | VerifyStunClient | Validates the presence of a STUN client translation for a given source IPv4 address and port. The list of expected translations for each device is built by searching local interfaces in each path-group. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| AvdTestStun | VerifyStunClient | Validate the presence of a STUN client translation for a given source IPv4 address and port. The list of expected translations for each device is built by searching local interfaces in each path-group. |
```
